hi my name is Chris and this is battle
nonsense today I have just a short video
for you but as there are more and more
people getting into the hardline beta
now you might find this useful if you
play the hardline beta and use an SLI
set up you might have noticed this only
one of your cards is used and as a
result you get less frames per second in
hardline then you get in battlefield 4
the reason is that there is no sli
profile inside the nvidia driver yet for
hardline but we can fix this because
hardline is running the same engine
under the hood s battlefield 4 but
before we do this be warned I do not
take any responsibility if something
goes wrong and you damage your system
but if you follow my advice you will be
fine now for fixing this problem there
multiple searches chance floating around
on the internet some work but don't give
it the same performance as what i will
show you and others simply don't work at
all so let me show you what worked best
here for my sli set up what you need is
a tool called nvidia inspector the link
is in the description
this tool allows you to overclock your
GPUs but you should only touch this if
you really know what you are doing what
we want to do is change a profile to do
that click on this icon here now in a
new window you click into this field
profiles up here and start typing
battlefield then select battlefield 4
now we want to add a new application to
this profile click on this icon up here
and select the battlefield hardline
application
and as you can see we now have it added
to the battlefield 4 profile now we
apply the changes and test again inside
the battlefield hardline beta now that
looks much better as you can see both
gpus are now used the huge dips you see
in the graph are because of a map change
that happened while I was recording this
graph when battlefield 4 CTE was
launched I use the same procedure to
enable sli support there once the
battlefield hardline beta is over you
might want to remove their application
again to keep your profile clean in
October when battlefield hardline is
released and video will surely release a
new driver which comes the end with the
required SLI profiles so you don't need
to do this again when the final game
comes out let me know in the comments if
this worked for you or if you have
problems I'm still working on my
hardline impressions video which I hope
to release during the next few days also
make sure that you check out my previous
videos and if you want to contact me you
can do so by mail or by Twitter the
links are in the description until then
have a nice day and take care my name is
Chris and this was better nonsense